notes. I'm going to stop updating the numbers when I remove completed tasks, since it's a lot of work.
Also going to start prioritizing (short term priorities) Also a lot of repeats here, gonna start merging them

Urgent:
High:
27. Implement subdivision of (rational) Bezier curves (partly DONE, for nonrational Bezier curves)
24. Add conversion to/from the standard interpolation basis in Polynomial.hs
    (Partly DONE) added st int to bezier basis, and computed the matrices for the other transformations
1. Improve stroking, particularly where Tiller-Hanson breaks down.
   Primarily near loops/self intersections of cubic beziers and degenerate (i.e. linear)
   quadratic/cubic beziers
12. Deal with cusps properly. Probably subdivide, figure out how to get tangents and normals at cusps, and 
    then cap the resulting join (if the tangents are antiparallel ofc). I suppose we could have a sharp point
    that isn't a cusp. (Do math xD)
    (More or less done,
    but frankly, this doesn't work very well for handling the related problem of near cusps)
8. Improve Rasterization to only rasterize an object within its bounding box. 
Medium:
6. Refactor the Path/Contour/ClosedPath abstraction. 
   ClosedPath isn't a great abstraction. Also it would be great to provide a more unified interface to 
   Path/Contours. It's nice to have a type level distinction between the concepts, but they also behave very 
   similarly for most things
20. Refactor everything. Like the path abstraction has gotten a bit complicated, since there are so many
    different kinds of paths. Might want to just get rid of non-rational Bezier curves, since they are 
    entirely subsumed by rational Bezier curves
21. Possibly reimplement circular/elliptical arcs in terms of NURBS
    Related to 20. Not sure abt this one?
29. Refactor the path abstraction. Need easier combination/building for paths, also converting geometric
    objects into paths/pathSegments needs to be uniformized. Currently it's an absolute mess.
    See 20 also 10.
10. Implement more operations on paths and contours, e.g. rotation of contours
31. Massive refactor needed to remove code duplication everywhere.
    also to reorganize the Module/File structure
    Also remove/delete deprecated code stuffs
22. Add NURBS contours, i.e. a NURBS with domain the circle, it has the added benefit that 
    #knots = #control points, regardless of degree or anything, though it admittedly isn't clear how knots and
    control points are directly related in this case. It's just that there are #knots rotations of any
    continguous subset of the control points
25. Improve accuracy of bounding boxes computed for beziers/rational beziers
26. Allow negative weights (as long as it doesn't produce a weight of 0 on the interval) for 
    rational beziers/nurbs, and allow computation of their bounding boxes 
Low:
3. Write functions to generate paths out of primitives.
   E.g. makeRoundRect Stuff -> Contour
   Update: This has been started, but we need to add more shapes.
4. Make PathBuilder a Writer monad, so that we can use do notation to write paths, would be *super* elegent 
   to use. Or something. Writer doesn't *quite* work as I need.
5. Create composite objects out of contours and whatnot
   What did I even mean by that? Oh perhaps something like the picture thing. Dunno.
9. Improve small scale rasterization (i.e. for fonts at low pixel sizes)
18. Add implicit polynomial (I mean polynomial in x) contours (i.e. the level set of a differentiable 
    function in x and y which is at most a cubic polynomial in x when y is fixed.)
    Then we could solve for x, and also compute the normal to the contour at any given point (since we know the
    gradient). Thus the scan rasterizer could rasterize such a contour. Need to be careful with how we define
    orientation, but I think it could work. This would be a solution to 2 above, as well as being sooooo much
    more general. Could do soooo much cool shit with this. 
19. Related to 18. Add general parametric paths which are polynomial in y. Like fun fact, the scan rasterizer
    doesn't give a shit what x is doing as long as we can solve for y, and take appropriate derivatives.
28. Possibly remove nonrational Bezier curves/NUBS in favor of rational Beziers/NURBS, might have to look into
    whether/how much of a performance differnce there is/might be. See 20.
23. Add SVG loading/rendering
17. Glitch when stroking sharp interior bends, see Q with a stroke distance of 40.
16. Never compare floats for equality. Pretty urgent. This is a huge source of bugs. Just fixed one in the 
    build join function causing massive streaking and glitching. (Mostly done)
Don't do now:
2. Consider adding circular/elliptical contours as standalone contours not built out of path segments.
   This right now is not a good idea, as it seems like it will only result in further code sprawl
11. Add biarcs, biarc fitting to types of paths? They're apparently a *lot* simpler for a lot of things,
    in particular offset curves of biarc curves are biarc curves.
7. Fix font loading. Either edit FontyFruity to fix loading of certain fonts. Possibly the issue is properly
   checking flags for on/off curve points.
   Or write my own ttf loader. I will probably eventually write a ttf loader, since I will also want an otf
   loader.

Uncategorized:
13. Fix antialiasing. Fixing a bug in antialiasing where overlapping contours didn't render properly
    introduced a new bug where the right side of shapes don't antialias properly.
    (Not sure if this got fixed or not, but I'm not presently noticing issues with antialiasing.)
    Marking: (DONE)
30. Fix error in parallel segments which causes shit to fail if c==d for (rational) cubic beziers
    just use the average of the start/end normals in this case idk mebi anyway (?)
    (DONE)
